Besides necklaces, some other great accessories
that you can look for are some brooches and
some pins. Again, you can find these pretty
gosh darned affordable in the thrift stores
online. This one's really nice. It just speaks
for itself. You can look for some like this
with some rhinestones and what not, really
great pieces. These ones are in fairly good
condition. You're going to find some with
the rhinestones and pearls such as these and
maybe it's missing a rhinestone or two. I
don't know myself, I'm like I don't care.
I'm still going to wear it. I don't care if
it's gone. It's vintage. What are you going
to do? You're not going to find always a perfect
piece. But it's not a bad idea if you're going
to get serious about this to keep a little
caddy of bits and pieces to make some repairs
on your vintage jewelry. I like to keep some
rhinestones and some super glue on hand just
to pop back in a pearl or a little rhinestone.
Even if it's not a perfect match or a perfect
fit or it matches the others, it will kind
of give them a more kind of newer look. So
pins and brooches, they're great to just throw
on your cardigan or on your dress. If you
have a fabric purse, throw it on your purse.
So brooches and pins look for those. They're
a great piece to have. Of course, earrings
are great pieces to have too. Today I brought
two of my favorite classic ones to find. These
are some cute little crystal ones. What's
interesting about the vintage earrings is
I tend to find more clasp on earrings. Here's
some pearls again. Great little 50's staple
and for some people, they prefer that if they
don't have their ears pierced, but some people
don't. I know for me I can only wear the clasp
on one's like this for a couple of hours before
it give me kind of a little bit of a headache.
So again, if you're handy, break out that
little repair kit and you can turn these into
post type earrings if you're willing to kind
of break off the backs of these. But I know,
I do for a lot of my headgear, crisp little
pearl vintage earrings. They're just too heavy
on my earlobes, so I snap these off and in
this case, it's not such a bad idea. It's
not going to bust the earring because it's
got a sturdy back on it and just super glue
on a post if you don't want to wear the clasp.
So look for some vintage earrings. Oh, and
another great tip; say that you found only
one earring like this and you're like great,
what am I going to do with only one earring
if I don't have the second one?
Super glue on a pin, like a little pin, like
this on the back and you can just wear it
on your clothing. You can snap it on like
this. It makes a great little pin. If I leave
it on here with just a little clasp, I might
be afraid of it falling off. So in this case,
what I've done with some of these is I broke
off the back and safety glued on a little
pin so I can wear it as a pin. So don't just
toss this out and think it's hopeless just
to have one earring because there's actually
fun stuff you can do with that. You know,
bracelets of course. This one I actually made
when I was in high school. My grandma just
had handfuls of beads from her jewelry box,
busted necklaces and bracelets and I just
strung this one together. So look for some
bracelets. Either you can break them apart
and make your own or look for them as is.
And of course, you can't go wrong with the
old rhinestone sunglasses. Now, I'm kind of
cheating again. These ones are not actually
vintage. At Halloween time, you are going
to find some really fun vintage replica sunglasses
for five bucks. You can find them in all kinds
of colors. So keep that in mind too. So there
we go. We've got necklaces, pins, and brooches,
earrings, bracelets, and sunglasses. So just
keep your eyes open for some really fun vintage
jewelry pieces to incorporate and round out
that vintage look in your wardrobe.